1.  Problem:
      couldn't figure out how to save the information recieved from the api into variables outside of the function scope.
      The variables were just not updating, probably because i'm not a master of JS yet. Instead of changing the variable,
      they would just be altered within that scope, but not when you jump out of the function.

    Solution:
      I ended up deciding to go around that, by writing all my recieved data into another text file. This way I can still
      have access to all the recieved data. Also, you'r prob wondering why i need to save my data anyways. Its because the
      Twitter API only allows you to recieve a total of 5000 ids per request. This means that If you wanted to get a list
      of the IDs of all the followers of say, Donald Trump, which is like a couple million IDs, it'd be impossible to
      grab all the IDs in one request, forcing you to request mulitple times, meaning you need to store the old IDs
      somewhere.

2.  Problem:
      Wanted to make the program be able to accept user input based on which user on twitter they wanted to research.
      However, this would not be possible because in the event that they chose a user that required more than 100 API
      calls, the process of gathering that data would be at least an hour long. Why? Because the twitter API only
      allows 100 API requests per hour. meaning for my program to find out the data for all followers of Trump, which
      is a couple million, we would indeed need to make a couple million API requests, which would take too long.

    Solution:
      No solution.

3.  Problem:
      After further analysis and research, ive decided to scrap the idea of analyzing each follower of an account, and
      instead focus this program on analyzing one user account specifically, and deciding if THAT is a bot. The reason
      for this change is because I have realized that the rate limit for api requests will stop me from completing this
      program in a realistic amount of time. Even if i were to hard code the program to not take user input and focus
      on one account only, like trump's, it would still take beyond months. For this reason, I will switch

    Solution:
      I believe I can make an equally exciting program, but smaller in scale. I will be analyzing whether or not
      an inputted user is a bot. This will be measured by 4 metrics:
      // 1. is the followers to following ratio less than or equal to one percent?
      // 2. is default profile pic true?
      // 3. is the number of posts less than or equal to 1?
      // 4. has the theme or background never been altered?
      if the account marks true for each of these conditions, it is PREDICTED that this account is most likely a bot or
      fake account.
